Fix misuses of `CopyOnWriteArrayList` (#4247)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

- Pass OpenTelemetry span attributes into TracesSampler callback ([#4253](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/4253))
  - `SamplingContext` now has a `getAttribute` method that grants access to OpenTelemetry span attributes via their String key (e.g. `http.request.method`)
- Fix AbstractMethodError when using SentryTraced for Jetpack Compose ([#4255](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/4255))
- Avoid unnecessary copies when using `CopyOnWriteArrayList` ([#4247](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/4247))

>   - This affects in particular `SentryTracer.getLatestActiveSpan` which would have previously unnecessarily copied all children spans, with high impact on memory usage

Reviewer: This sounds like it deep copied before. Maybe we should make it clear it was only a shallow copy, so there's not a huge difference here.

>   - This affects in particular `SentryTracer.getLatestActiveSpan` which would have previously unnecessarily copied all children spans, with high impact on memory usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This affects in particular `SentryTracer.getLatestActiveSpan` which would have previously copied all child span references. This may have caused `OutOfMemoryError` on certain devices due to high frequency of calling the method.
```
